1/1 - Let us resolve to build good habits into our organism through repeating day after day good works and useful services until they become so much a part of ourselves that they cannot be uprooted. 
1/2 - Each day brings us the opportunity to grow through observation and reflections. Each action that we perform has consequences. 
1/3 - Man has his roots in heaven. His strength, his wisdom, and his skill come from the ever-flowing fountain of his divine potentials. 
1/4 - You can have a new and different life when you decide to shoulder the full responsibility for your own happiness and security. 
1/5 - Happenings are not meaningful unless we observe them, reflect upon them, and build them into consciousness. 
1/6 - No matter how fast we run, our past always catches up with us. The only thing we can do about it is to build a world we would like to come back to. 
1/7 - Faith is our common expectation of good projected into the future, the unknown. 
1/8 - Nature always seeks equilibrium, moderation, organization, and cooperation among the parts of things, in order that ultimately all will survive. 
1/9 - Whenever you waste energy, you waste life; and when you waste life, you profane God. 
1/10 - Man is not supposed to dive into perfection; he is supposed to outgrow the simple errors that now stand between him and the daily improvement which he so definitely needs. 
1/11 - Philosophy is not only the science of living, but also the joy of living. 
1/12 - Selfishness is a universal ailment, and the only remedy is dedicated understanding which raises us above the merely personal and gives us a vital awareness of common need and common good. 
1/13 - It makes very little difference how noble an ideal may be if that ideal in action does not produce good. 
1/14 - To discipline self to a certain degree, is absolutely necessary; but to over-discipline self, is to ultimately extinguish the little flame of individuality which man possesses. 
1/15 - That which does not stand the test of time is not worthy of acceptance. 
1/16 - If you must have a misunderstanding, it may not be a tragedy, because if you meet it, face it, and grow through it, you are better than you would have been if you had not had the misunderstanding. 
1/17 - When we bring anything into harmony with its own pattern, that thing will cease to hurt us. 
1/18 - It is very important to meet change with composure; to meet the shifting pattern of things as they seem to be, and not lose our foundation in value. 
1/19 - Each so-called evil is balanced by a potential good, if we have the wisdom to realize the facts. 
1/20 - Within each man is locked the possibility of individual greatness. 
1/21 - The individual's daily task is to keep faith with the universal laws and values by which he is sustained. It is from disobedience that his problems arise, and by changing disobedience to obedience, his problems are naturally solved. 
1/22 - Evolution is unfoldment. It is the externalizing of internal divinity. 
1/23 - If we accept the idea that we live within a universe of purpose, then our own life becomes a purposed experience and a magnificent opportunity to cooperate in the fulfillment of this purpose in every way we can. 
1/24 - We outgrow fear only as we master the essentials of life. 
1/25 - The thousands of things we think and do in the course of a lifetime all make up one pattern, and that one pattern is both a consequence and a cause. 
1/26 - We live in a middle world between infinite greatness on the one hand and infinite smallness on the other. As we grow, our world grows also, resulting in a corresponding increase in the scope of our understanding of all these wonders. 
1/27 - Five minutes of concentration and consecration every morning may have greater effect upon our lives than the eight or ten hours of disordered living which follow. 
1/28 - The only thing that man can force is himself, and when he opposes self-will to universal Law, he declares a war that he can never hope to win. 
1/29 - People who have certain constructive attitudes toward life are more likely to be successful, even industrially or economically speaking, because after all, God is not only the source of spiritual wealth, but the source of all physical wealth.
1/30 - Remember that no matter how far along you are in years, active interests are the secret of health and mental orientation. 
1/31 - The greatest strength, the greatest courage, and the greatest internal security come to each of us through service to our fellowmen. Here is our peace, here is our hope, here is the thing which takes a humdrum existence and transforms it into a splendid and useful program. 
2/1 - There is one basic concept that will never fail us: the conviction that existence is a planned and purposeful project. 
2/2 - Habits can be good as well as bad, and it is just as easy to maintain and practice a good habit as a destructive one. 
2/3 - The individual can control effects by controlling causes, but once having set causes in motion, he must abide by the effects. 
2/4 - Your very existence in human society is made possible by the cooperation of countless persons whom you will never know. They are all members of a team, and you, likewise, belong on that team. 
2/5 - Real philosophy never produces the traditional "highbrow." It produces a person of greater understanding; one whom we all like better. 
2/6 - If we used our minds more wisely, we would not be placed in the embarrassing position of being forced to change them so often. 
2/7 - Human relationships cannot be enduring. Therefore, foreverness cannot, and must not, be the element necessary to happiness. 
2/8 - The reward of discipline is not frustration, but release from unreasonable intensities which might otherwise destroy peace of mind and security. 
2/9 - Words spoken are cast to the air, and become like little immortal birds that fly out and we know not where they go; nor can we ever bring them back. 
2/10 - No man ever graduates from the school of life. He is a student to the end, and in his last breath, he may still learn. 
2/11 - Obedience to universal Law is the beginning of individual fitness. 
2/12 - All men, regardless of their races, of nations, their colors or conditions, share one life, exist in one world, and are the children of one Creating Power. 
2/13 - No man can increase the spirituality of another. 
2/14 - Love is not to be declared, or uttered, or spoken, but shall be revealed by deeds. 
2/15 - Faith is necessary, for it has to carry us across certain intervals in which our own immaturity prevents us from having rational conveyance. 
2/16 - As men grow wiser and better, they come nearer to reality. Reality itself never changes, but man's understanding of it is forever changing. 
2/17 - Only that which is balanced and in equilibrium can survive. 
2/18 - We must be as wise and patient with ourselves as we wish to be with others; also as impersonal. 
2/19 - It is not important that anyone should agree with us; rather, that they shall agree with the best within themselves, and be moved to live in accordance therewith. 
2/20 - The world has many problems and defects, but for the really conscious human being, it can never be boresome. 
2/21 - The very energy we use to cultivate and intensify our miseries is the power of God in ourselves. We should find better use for this power, and seek not only to release it in our conduct, but to discover and experience it in those around us. 
2/22 - Patriotism is a quality which makes it impossible for a man to be deflected by self-interest from the course of duty. 
2/23 - The safest rule to remember when dealing with either faiths or men is: "by their works so shall ye know them." 
2/24 - We sometimes wonder why we have to clean up other people's messes. It is because somewhere, sometime, we have left our own. 
2/25 - When we find ourselves in a personal rut with no future worth describing, we must apply ourselves, our time, and our means to the enlargement of personal character. This does not mean that all our troubles will depart, but we will be better able to cope with them. 
2/26 - To be truly convinced of an idea, the individual must see it work by testing it through practical application. 
2/27 - There are certitudes of the heart which are as real and valid as the testimonies of the mind. To know through an experience of the heart is to be possessed by knowing. In this way, the interval between man and the Divine is first reduced and finally entirely removed. 
2/28 - Happiness is adjustment between the external and the internal. 
2/29 - Men build great temples, but they crumble away, and only the forests remain. So it is with reputations and distinctions. We are here for a little time, and then depart; but the morning glory lives on, and the frog still splashes in the pool. 
3/1 - Life is harmonious in its origin, conflicting in its midmost state, and harmonious again in its ultimate condition. Thus we pass from harmony, through inharmony, to the final attainment of peace of soul and unity with the divine consciousness. 
3/2 - Health is impossible without normalcy of thinking, feeling, and action. 
3/3 - Do not browbeat your faults. The moment the tension of effort arises, failure is inevitable. All self-improvement arises from inner realization, which automatically overcomes the resistance of the outer personality. 
3/4 - No matter how vital and urgent an enterprise may be, it is best advanced by composure. 
3/5 - Memory is the record of experience, and through the acceptance of experience-lessons, we can unfold the wonderful potentials of human character. 
3/6 - Compassion brings with it a sublimation, a refinement, a new vision of purpose. 
3/7 - We appreciate leisure when it is difficult to acquire, and in the sober performance of the daily chore, we come to understand the basic values of living. 
3/8 - Age is not a matter of years; it is a problem in psychology. We feel old to the degree that we cling to the past. 
3/9 - In moments of sorrow it is difficult to be philosophical, but sorrow is the test of philosophy. 
3/10 - Skill should not be accompanied by the appearance of technique. There is nothing more distressing than a musician who is all technique. Discipline perfects art, but is meaningless unless it is used to advance a cause beyond itself. 
3/11 - Ignorance is a kind of sleep from which we awaken through the gentle insistence of learning. 
3/12 - Growth is a process which creates a constant need for adjustment in life and viewpoint. 
3/13 - If we sow the seeds of love and truth, we will reap the harvest of happiness. 
3/14 - The way to personal security is a long and difficult path, and there are no shortcuts, as we like to imagine. There are, however, direct methods that can eliminate a good part of the trial-and-error technique. 
3/15 - The moment we can face a crisis and see in it constructive challenge, we have advanced far toward solution. 
3/16 - We must come to view life as we would a beautiful painting, and accept the lights and shadows essential to the perfection of the work. 
3/17 - Humor is a spice to living. It adds flavor to work, zest to play, charm to self-improvement, and proves to others that we have a security within ourselves. 
3/18 - Man has an interior existence that is lighted by spiritual grace. If he lives in this light and according to this light, he shares in the everlastingness of the spirit. 
3/19 - Our happiness is strangely in our own name. We have the right to give it away, and in this process of giving it away, of bestowing it, we increase it manifold. 
3/20 - Everyone wants to change the world, but our first duty is to live well in the world as we know it today. 
3/21 - The sprouting greenery is God's revelation of himself in the springtime of the year. It is the eternal proof that the earth shall be fruitful, and this fruitfulness is the divine life bursting through matter to clothe the hills and valleys with the happy vestments of spring. 
3/22 - The growth and maturing of love is one of the greatest works of man--his greatest offering to the universe. 
3/23 - Man must not do right because it is forced upon him, but by voluntary choice, thus revealing his own inner maturity. 
3/24 - We are here as instruments of purpose, not as biological incidents or accidents. 
3/25 - Criticism can become a sickness, and certainly adds nothing to our happiness or peace of mind. 
3/26 - The great remover of pressure is acceptance. 
3/27 - The complete willingness to accept an attitude of true regard and affection toward God is the answer to more things than we can possibly imagine in this world. 
3/28 - Every student of the sacred sciences must realize that continuity and patience are absolutely necessary. 
3/29 - Be thoughtful in small things, especially in the inconsequential happenings that make up the day. Be observant in all that you do, and seek to find the Law at work in all the diversified phases of living. 
3/30 - Like all other desirable traits of character, understanding must be cultivated, trained, and guarded. We are born with the power to understand many things, but unless we resolve to unfold this faculty by conscious effort, we cannot enjoy the security and peace which it can bestow. 
3/31 - The law of cause and effect is as inevitable as day and night, as certain as the tides, and as constant as the ages. 
4/1 - There are many things in this world that must be taken seriously, but few can afford to take themselves with utter seriousness. 
4/2 - Tranquility arises from the realization of the absolute rightness of the universe as it is, the absolute justice which directs the activities of all the forces that make up the life of the universe. 
4/3 - Happiness, like affection, is an energy which must be free. It cannot be locked; it cannot be imposed upon a person; nor can it be demanded from a person. 
4/4 - We are supposed to master life. If we do not, life will master us. 
4/5 - As one light can be manifested through many colors, so one truth can be sought and found through the several colors of sincere believing. 
4/6 - What we call evil is a servant of good, for it causes us, in the end, to depart from error and cling to reality. 
4/7 - Enlightenment should not be regarded as an extraordinary attainment. We can all be better, wiser, and more useful if we firmly resolve to attain mental and emotional maturity. 
4/8 - The great teachings of peace which have been given to the world by Buddha and Jesus, will endure long after the codes of competition have perished in their own ruins. The world honors the subtle strength of the gentle and the good. 
4/9 - Once the light shines in our own hearts, we love life and realize the blessed privilege of sharing the good things that life bestows. 
4/10 - To hope for the best is pleasant, but usually ineffective; to work for the best, is immediately profitable. 
4/11 - The Easter Season is a part of the year set aside for the remembering of our humanity in the light of our divinity. If we interpret it this way, we will find that our interpretation adds to our strength, makes us better people, and inspires us to labor together for both God and man. 
4/12 - As we unfold our understanding, there comes a realization, after a time, that this mystery of life is really quite a wonderful thing. 
4/13 - Common sense is the basis of philosophy, which is no more than the natural reason, disciplined and unfolded by mental training. 
4/14 - Words are little bodies, and each word must have a soul. If we are able to find the soul within words, then we experience their meaning. 
4/15 - Every man is born into this world as a servant. He must serve life and nature, those to whom he has personal responsibilities, and the spiritual needs of his own soul. 
4/16 - In all the great emergencies of life, we must be alone. Thus we depend upon the strength of God in our hearts, and our real consolation is our sense of nearness to the sovereign source of all that is necessary. 
4/17 - Honesty is the beginning of wisdom. Without honesty, no great spirituality can be accomplished. 
4/18 - Easter represents the victory of light over darkness in the consciousness of every human being. 
4/19 - When we change ourselves, we change the world. 
4/20 - The material universe can no longer dominate the life of any individual who perceives the wholeness and the purpose of the universal plan. 
4/21 - Every time that anyone in the world is happy, our potential of happiness is increased, because actually, we are all mysteriously bound together by a spiritual identity. 
4/22 - In the broad pattern of mortal existence, discord reveals the need for concord; selfishness, the need for unselfishness; cruelty, the need for kindness; and ignorance, the need for the tireless search after truth and beauty. 
4/23 - Human beings live and die; thoughts come and go; empires rise and fall; but love is eternal. 
4/24 - Each person must discover his own philosophy of life, and it is not fair or right to impose our codes upon others. 
4/25 - Our greatest and most acceptable prayer is a good life, wisely and nobly lived. For it is by living better through better understanding that we glorify God. 
4/26 - Time has no effect upon truth. It can only change the forms under which that truth will appear. 
4/27 - Compassion is the understanding which enables us to accept the faults of others as inevitable, and therefore not to be hurt by them, any more than we would be hurt by the mistakes of the small child. 
4/28 - We would have a far better chance of finding happiness if we were not so busy looking for it, because happiness, like life and love and truth, is universal. 
4/29 - Only that life is good which makes us stretch out to be more than we are. 
4/30 - If we could quietly experience, even for a few moments, the possibility of being in a non-competitive, non-combative relationship with life--not primarily with people, but first of all with life itself--we would discover that underneath all conflict there is peace. 
5/1 - When we put our own lives in order, broaden our horizons, deepen our understanding, and strengthen our dedication, we advance the security of ourselves and protect the rights and privileges of those around us. 
5/2 - Man loses most of his charm and much of his authority if he falsely believes that he has outgrown his own "child heart." 
5/3 - Every part of nature reveals law and order, and indicates to the observant spectator the best ways of accomplishing necessary ends. 
5/4 - Before we can share our brother's faith, we must understand and appreciate him as a person. 
5/5 - Man cannot escape his responsibilities, but he is never given more than he can bear, although often he is tested to the uttermost. 
5/6 - Illumination is the light of the soul shining outward through the body and transmuting every particle of the material nature with the power of beauty, virtue, and wisdom. 
5/7 - We venerate eternal principles through obedience and through a cheerful acceptance of the lessons of daily living. 
5/8 - We should bring others to our way of thinking only by the integrity of our own thought. 
5/9 - We may sometimes believe with the scoffer that it is sad indeed that we have one Mother's Day a year; that we cannot make our understanding and our appreciation stretch over the whole year. Actually, however, if in that day of recognition, we have a deep experience of values, we shall find that our attitudes do stretch better; that we will be able to carry a certain lingering remembrance through the entire year. 
5/10 - We exist because there is a pattern of life which must unfold through us, and through infinite other creatures which we may or may not know to exist. 
5/11 - Nearly anything will respond to love if that love is genuine; but love cannot be genuine and selfish. 
5/12 - Religion is a moral beauty unfolding from within the person, and causing all his works and thoughts to be beautiful. 
5/13 - It is our privilege to discover the particular reason for a particular misfortune. After we have blamed others long enough, we will come around to an examination of ourselves. 
5/14 - To understand and appreciate the work we are doing is to find happiness in obedience to Law. 
5/15 - Just as surely as we need a vacation every year, or that annual medical checkup, or a certain reunion with our friends and families, so also, we need the spiritual remedy of the periodic restatement of our faith. 
5/16 - It is far more important to help people to get better than it is to explain why they are not good. 
5/17 - Good habits are man's best friends. They continue to stand up for him when he is not thinking about them. 
5/18 - Little by little, man becomes aware that his own code of conduct is the basis of his own security. 
5/19 - As the true mystery of religion unfolds within us, the boundaries of formal prayer fade away. 
5/20 - We should not pray for wisdom unless we are willing to labor for it and fit our hearts and minds to receive understanding. 
5/21 - The past bestows experience; the present, numerous valuable lessons; and the future, infinite opportunity. 
5/22 - The greatest good that we can bestow upon others, the greatest proof of our affection, is that we help them to release, and not bind them. 
5/23 - Self-improvement must begin at one's lowest level. Confront a problem, accept that problem as a personal responsibility, and solution is imminent. 
5/24 - When through realization we come to understand the divine energy that causes us to exist and grow, we cease to impede its natural flow in and through ourselves. 
5/25 - True religion is an internal commitment, an acceptance of things unseen. 
5/26 - In order to make this journey of life valuable in every sense of the word, we must determine the essential reason for the journey. 
5/27 - All arts, sciences, philosophies, religions, crafts, and trades can enrich our inner lives to the degree that we realize that through them, the sovereign laws of existence are variously revealed and manifested for our advancement and enlightenment. 
5/28 - Man must learn to think with the eternal mind, to feel with the eternal heart, and to become one in the service of the eternal work. Only in these things does he find his completion. 
5/29 - The one who is a faithful servant in small matters will be given authority over greater matters, not because he wishes this authority, but because maturity carries with it increasing responsibility. 
5/30 - When we are freed from negative forebodings by our acceptance of immortality, death is no longer the master of destiny, but the wise and faithful servant of life. 
5/31 - Contentment really means that we can remember the past without regrets, meet the present with a degree of serenity, and face the future without excessive fears. 
6/1 - The purpose of discipline is to release the individual's native graciousness, his native insight, his natural sympathies, and the deepest part of the understanding with which his nature has been endowed. 
6/2 - One thing we must learn to do is to relax our attitude toward change, realizing within ourselves that, ultimately, all things work together for good. 
6/3 - We will never attain the virtuous state of composure by nagging ourselves, any more than we can make our associates happy and secure by nagging them. 
6/4 - God is best served by man when men serve each other. 
6/5 - When controversies rage, that is no good time to practice the divine profession--be an observer. Listen to all sides, in order that you may have greater understanding and appreciation. 
6/6 - If a man corrects himself, it is not necessary for nature to correct him. 
6/7 - Our real strength comes from dedication to principles by which our resolutions are matured and our insight is stimulated and disciplined. 
6/8 - No one can make himself happy, for happiness is a by-product of good living. 
6/9 - The great search for wisdom does not end in man's becoming wise; it ends in his becoming warm in faith. For all that wisdom can show us is that the universe is more wonderful than we can ever understand. 
6/10 - Motive is the determining point between good and evil. 
6/11 - Honest toil is as much a part of religion as the most elaborate ritual in the church or the cathedral. 
6/12 - When we want to help people, we should find pleasure in helping them to do what they want to do. 
6/13 - It is a virtue to be sure of what one is; it is not always a virtue to be sure of what one knows much less what one has. 
6/14 - Patriotism is the cooperation of masses, classes, and individuals to the accomplishment of a common good. 
6/15 - Happiness, contentment, peace of mind, love of beauty, wisdom, and serenity can all be ours without any other person being the poorer. 
6/16 - By faith man should know that as surely as he himself exists, so surely is his existence essentially good, if he knows how to attain this goodness; and the evil of his existence is in his own fears and uncertainties. 
6/17 - Wisdom is to know the next thing to do, and courage is to have the strength to do it. 
6/18 - It is a great gift to be gentle without being weak, to be kind and still strong, to lead without domineering, to command without tyranny. 
6/19 - The thoughtful person plans solutions, but the worrier merely dissolves in his own doubt. 
6/20 - True value must always be sought for its own sake, and not with the hope of material reward. 
6/21 - Everywhere, the potential beauty of nature must be cherished. In a sense, man worships the Universal Power through living and growing things. 
6/22 - In life, we are surrounded by works unfinished, and we must learn to sense the labors yet to be accomplished. 
6/23 - Character is built upon both faith and reason. There are certain realities within us and around us which we cannot fully understand. In any situation where factual knowledge is insufficient, there must be concepts or beliefs that are ethically and morally sound and consistent with our best convictions. 
6/24 - The greatest source of help within man, which is forever available to him and will bring him ultimate security, is the simple and direct emotion of love for God. 
6/25 - Service ceases to be a virtue when its consequences are not virtuous. Unless the association of the server and the served is profitable in terms of noble conduct, the situation should not be extended. 
6/26 - Precepts are meaningless until they become practices. 
6/27 - Regardless of the direction or course of empires, each individual has the right to seek within, in quietude and peace, and in gratitude, for the source of life, strength, and value in this troubled world. 
6/28 - The supreme achievement--the achievement of man's victory over the illusion in himself--cannot normally be attained with rapidity. It takes a continuous effort and constant dedication. 
6/29 - When the disciple becomes inwardly aware of the spiritual truths that underlie religion, he will discover that he is one with all faiths--not because he has joined them all, but because he has inwardly perceived the truth which sustains them all. 
6/30 - It is most difficult to apply wisdom to simple things. It is easier to explain the universe than to understand the conduct of a friend. It is easier to plan a reformation of society than to build a good home or bring laughter to the eyes of the sorrowful. 
7/1 - Good intentions without reason or self-discipline may lead to tragedy, but right motives, sustained by actual ability, result in a purposeful life. 
7/2 - It is important to recognize the usefulness of memory and at the same time free the consciousness from the negative burden of things long gone. 
7/3 - Compassion frees us from all intensities of the emotions, or even of the mind. It leaves us with one affection, and that is a kind of parental regard by which we are moved to serve the spiritual need in our fellow creatures. 
7/4 - When we celebrate the Declaration of our Independence, we are really celebrating the principles which brought our nation into fortunate existence. We are celebrating unselfishness, the dedication and courage of our forefathers. We are celebrating their strength in right, as it was given to them to understand the right. And we celebrate this day because we believe it was a day that was right in spirit, as exemplified in the conduct of those who helped to bring it about. 
7/5 - Greatness is fortitude in failure, and temperance in success. 
7/6 - If it is not given to us to know all things and to solve all mysteries, we must seek through faith, hope, and charity for the Beautiful and the Good. 
7/7 - Growth is not the individual becoming aware of his own value; it is the individual forgetting his own value in the experience of the increase of truth within himself. 
7/8 - Absolute faith in the way of Heaven releases the mind from doubts and fears. 
7/9 - Wherever a man desires to know, that is the place proper for his education; whenever he desires to know, that is the time proper for his instruction. 
7/10 - The seed of happiness, when it finds good ground, sprouts and grows. 
7/11 - If it be your duty to guide and correct, do so only when your own heart is at peace. 
7/12 - Every step that we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made easy by some one else. 
7/13 - Faith is not merely a willingness to accept dynamic truth; faith is this dynamic truth itself coming into command of our attitudes, ruling over our doubts and eliminating them one by one. 
7/14 - We are living in a universe of immutable laws, whether we know them or not, and the unknown is just as lawful as the known. 
7/15 - Through friendship, all other relationships are ennobled, rationalized, and glorified. 
7/16 - All beings have rights of life and happiness, and the lower kingdoms of nature are not merely strangers or beasts of burden, but the younger brothers of mankind. 
7/17 - To attempt to live beyond what we know, is dangerous. Not to live up to what we know, is equally perilous. 
7/18 - We worship because our soul requires the act of worship for its own peace and security. 
7/19 - The accomplishment of the greatest good is the fundamental purpose of life. 
7/20 - Mysticism is the child-likeness of consciousness that penetrates through all involvements and confusions and, with a single integrating power, brings order out of chaos. 
7/21 - It is action of some kind, and not hopes or fears, that must transform the life of man and move him profoundly in an orderly direction. 
7/22 - As long as we remain flexible and receptive to ideas; as long as we can adjust psychologically and are capable of estimating values with moderation, so long do we find that our lives are better. 
7/23 - Suffering is the challenge of reality constantly besetting us. It can attack in us nothing but our own weakness, and disturb only that which has not yet tranquility within itself. 
7/24 - Let us look upon all our loved ones as belonging first and fundamentally to themselves. Let us respect the individuality, the innate divinity, that is within them, even as it is within ourselves. 
7/25 - Religion is not a crutch; it is a doorway leading into a larger world of experience. 
7/26 - When we have put our own lives in order, then indeed, we are ready to go forth to carry out the various works of wisdom according to the will of Heaven. 
7/27 - A man can constantly enlarge his body of opinions, but he can never truly know more than the degree of his mental honesty makes possible. 
7/28 - Faith and fact can live together, for all facts arise from some kind of faith, and all proper faith leads to some kind of facts. 
7/29 - We have to admit when we are wrong, and that we are wrong; we can never escape anything by bluffing. 
7/30 - A philosopher is one whose life is devoted to the discovery and application of truth. 
7/31 - As the individual reaches spiritual and intellectual maturity, he realizes the supreme wisdom that administers the affairs of creation. 
8/1 - Under any name, we worship God as we understand God. If, therefore, our neighbor is an upright person, living as constructively as his abilities permit, there is no need to question his religion. 
8/2 - We often fail in life because of the lack of inspiration that adds soul to the dexterity of the fingers. 
8/3 - Somehow each soul is in the place that it has earned for itself, with the insight that it has gained for itself, living according to the substance of previous achievement, patterning forward to a greater achievement. 
8/4 - When we desire good so intensely that we are willing to earn it by self-discipline, we are not only entitled to help, but we will most certainly receive it as part of our natural heritage. 
8/5 - We save energy by reducing the resistance between action and thought. 
8/6 - No one ever found strength by keeping away from experience. 
8/7 - Below the surface, everyone is much the same: interesting, lovable, and worthy of consideration. 
8/8 - Nature presses living creatures forward by confronting them with problems that can be solved only by personal growth. 
8/9 - If we desire the spirit of God to come and dwell with us, we must cleanse the temple of all unworthiness and rededicate it to the principles of truth and justice. 
8/10 - Through work we learn to accept discipline, but through play we learn self-discipline, and this is the greater lesson. 
8/11 - Inter-religious cooperation depends upon a genuine kindliness of attitude, free from all pressures and ulterior considerations. 
8/12 - The search for truth is life; the realization of truth is illumination; the practice of truth is virtue. 
8/13 - We all grow by our mistakes, but they are of little value to us unless we accept and understand them. 
8/14 - All physical things are transient, passing, and changing. The most important of all is the refinement and ennobling of character. 
8/15 - The good that comes to another also touches us, and becomes the basis of greater and deeper hope within ourselves. 
8/16 - The world is the schoolroom of God. Our being in school does not make us learn, but within that school is the opportunity for all learning. 
8/17 - The subconscious psychic life of the individual is like a mirror that faithfully reflects the outer personality. It can be no better and no worse than the circumstances by which it is created. 
8/18 - The proof of a spiritual doctrine is its power to change our lives for the better. 
8/19 - The moment we really judge others as we might wish to be judged, our tendency to express good will is strengthened. 
8/20 - A man's mental attitude is the key to his code of action. 
8/21 - There is no need to be embarrassed about the fact that we are not perfect. There is no reason why we should apologize for ordinary mistakes; and, of course, there is no reason why we should not apologize for extraordinary examples of stupidity. 
8/22 - The end of religion is to transmute the confusion of living into invincible composure by a sequence of realizations of the immediate availability of total good. 
8/23 - If we believe our principles sincerely, and practice them industriously, life will not pass us by, nor will we find ourselves constantly imposed upon. 
8/24 - We may well say that knowledge is gathered from contact with external sources of information, but that true wisdom comes only from within. 
8/25 - There must be something wrong about a personal code if the individual who lives it must seek help periodically from others. 
8/26 - We can grow pleasantly, lovingly, and happily, but to do so we must free ourselves from pride, hypersensitivity, and the impulse to return ill for ill. 
8/27 - If we could forget our own past, forget everything that other people have done to us, and forget all the mistakes that we have made, the result would probably be a colossal peace of mind. 
8/28 - Forms can change, civilizations can be audacious, Atlantean cultures can rise and fall, but life cannot cease; and where there is life, the great archetype of good is indestructible. 
8/29 - Everything we do should be done beautifully, joyously, and graciously. If we do things because we have to, that means our consciousness is wrong. If we do things because we hope to receive a reward, we will be disappointed. 
8/30 - There can be no profit by entering into conflict with truth or the inevitable. This realization in itself resolves many uncertainties, and brings life under the reign of reason. 
8/31 - Growth reveals itself as a degree of a process. Somewhere in the past we were less; somewhere in the future we will be more; today we are what we are. And on this very factual foundation we have to build. 
9/1 - We live to be useful rather than to be great, but it is always possible if we are truly useful, we shall attain to the only real distinction there is--the distinction of a noble life, nobly lived. 
9/2 - Whenever man relaxes and accepts life as a beautiful mystery, he begins to experience happiness. 
9/3 - All disciplines must begin where we are in that place in life which we now occupy. 
9/4 - It is good for a man to be skillful; it is comforting for him to be wise; and it is useful for him to be scientifically exact; but it is overwhelmingly and immediately necessary that he be virtuous. 
9/5 - Each individual has to fight out in his own consciousness the problem of which is right--his own will or the Divine Will. 
9/6 - Work is a blessing, and without it the whole ethical and social structure of humanity would collapse. 
9/7 - In nature, growth follows in the footsteps of vision. In order to make a constructive change in our pattern of living, we must in some way enlarge our concepts of life. 
9/8 - Be not over-hasty to convert others to your ideas. Let the obvious improvement in your own nature convert them. 
9/9 - Wisdom bestows a security far beyond that of wealth, gives inward peace and outward patience. 
9/10 - No one can have really beautiful thoughts in his soul without having his life beautified thereby. 
9/11 - Every time we have a victory over a negation in ourselves, it is a victory over darkness, and we take another firm and important step forward into the light of truth. 
9/12 - Under the gentle guidance of deep and kindly reflection, nearly all types of personality pressures can be reduced. 
9/13 - Man's religion does for him only what he does for himself; it can do no more. 
9/14 - The whole world is like the traditional little red schoolhouse, and we are all students--willing or unwilling--learning our ABC's in the university of life. 
9/15 - Teach children four kinds of respect: respect for Heaven, respect for the great teachers (including their parents), respect for all living things, and respect for themselves. 
9/16 - Learning for its own sake is love's labor lost, for it is the proper end of learning that it shall inspire us to live together in justice and peace. 
9/17 - In life, listening is a fine art, which permits us not only to understand others, but to receive education or knowledge most completely and sufficiently. 
9/18 - We must study quietly, seeking not easy ways and shortcuts, but a vital philosophy that can inspire and lead us to greater efforts in the perfection of ourselves. 
9/19 - Planned growth is not only an investment in ourselves, but enables us to bestow a richer heritage upon those we love. 
9/20 - Religion, named or unnamed, defined or undefined, is the good in man seeking expression in thought, word, and action. 
9/21 - All things fade, but the love which causes us to guard and cherish the beautiful is immortal, and passes from one generation to another, bringing peace of soul to ages yet unborn. 
9/22 - Every man's true teacher is his own higher Self, and when the life is brought under the control of reason, this higher Self is released from bondage to appetites and impulses, and becomes priest, sage, and illuminator. 
9/23 - The beginning of wisdom is to solve correctly the problem that confronts us. 
9/24 - We must approach the mastery of ourselves with the same determination with which we approach an art or a science. 
9/25 - The more resolutely we determine not to change our ways, the more insistent become the demands upon our basic integrity. Some day, somewhere, we must face the inevitable and accept the challenge of normal and natural growth. 
9/26 - The end of all learning is that the human heart shall find peace in communion with its Creator, and be able to express this peace through thought, emotion, and conduct. 
9/27 - If truth were understood and actually applied to a problem, it would result in the complete disintegration of the problem. The problem exists only because man is wrong. 
9/28 - The wise have always found that life is a long journey, and it is a misfortune to be burdened with too much baggage. 
9/29 - We grow more rapidly by seeking than by attempting to define what we believe we have already found. 
9/30 - Once we experience the mystery of eternal peace by the cultivation of inner peace in our own lives, we are free from doubt and psychic pain. Contentment takes the place of stress and uncertainty, and this very contentment makes life more radiant, useful, and meaningful. 
10/1 - All essential knowledge that we have sustains the concept that nature is engaged in a benevolent conspiracy to preserve and perfect all the creatures within its domain. 
10/2 - Regardless of how deeply a man feels, how broadly he studies and improves himself outwardly, he is not complete until he has perfected his inner disposition. 
10/3 - In this world, we possess most completely that which we release most completely. 
10/4 - Face your memories; be grateful for them; understand the deep message that they are trying to bring through to you. 
10/5 - The moment we acknowledge the sovereignty of reality, we begin to scatter the shadows that arise from non-reality; we develop a central strength against adversity. 
10/6 - It is better to be happy, and at least to some degree comfortable, than to hazard everything in a mad scramble for this world's goods. 
10/7 - As a preliminary step to the real practice of good will, let us simply recognize that imperfection is our common denominator. 
10/8 - Integrity is the irresistible inner impulse to do that which is wise, noble, and beautiful. 
10/9 - We are not here to exercise ownership, but to accept a certain stewardship. We cannot possess other persons without injuring them and, even more, afflicting ourselves. 
10/10 - Patience is not a blind acceptance of adversity, but a sublime understanding of the larger meaning of life. 
10/11 - Make the present right; then that which is good in the past will live, and that which is necessary for the future will come. 
10/12 - Although we have advanced civilization in many respects, we have not outgrown the need to be reminded of our relationship with the Divine Power that sustains all things. 
10/13 - We are only as secure as our ability to face the crises in our lives. 
10/14 - A life of constructive action for others need not be rewarded by any person. The reward of intelligent action is the peace, security, and well-being the action itself produces. 
10/15 - We can all be happier and more cheerful under the responsibilities that we bear if we recognize each burden as an opportunity for self-improvement. 
10/16 - It is important to remember that it is the privilege of the wise man to find good in everything; and there is good in everything because God is in everything. 
10/17 - If we live simply and wisely, seeking first the improvement of our inner lives, preserving an open heart and mind, we shall be guided and directed according to our needs and understanding. 
10/18 - Through gracious and kindly living, with sincere desire to be helpful and fair in our dealings and most of all, through the cultivation of hope and faith we build the strongest defenses that we know against sickness of all kinds. 
10/19 - Maturity is not attained in a day, but through the quiet systematic direction of thoughts and the cultivation of virtues. 
10/20 - A purposeful life is not necessarily a grand career, winning public acclaim and distinction. It is wise to recognize the magnificence and dignity of small achievements. 
10/21 - Trouble is not what happens, in most cases, but what we do about various occurrences. 
10/22 - The principle of zest is the natural spontaneous enjoyment--the laughing heart, the laughing soul, the soul that finds things good in spite of the ills that do exist. 
10/23 - The superior being is the one in whose life beauty and truth have taken over. 
10/24 - Religion may be an intangible something that cannot be analyzed by common methods; but it is the most dynamic force in the universe. 
10/25 - The book of Nature sets forth unchanging principles before which all human ingenuity must bow. 
10/26 - We can take every excuse we can think of, but there is not one good reason why the individual should lose his poise. 
10/27 - We must simply learn to make the quiet acceptance of the fact that change is something that must go on; that every generation becomes a new world, and that while we are watching the changes taking place around us, we too are moving along in a pattern of endless change. 
10/28 - We do not think of a flower as frustrated because it is following an eternal plan; nor should we think of man as defeated because he cannot break all the rules of living with impunity. 
10/29 - Maturity is a motion toward self-responsibility; it is also a motion to common responsibility; and without the acceptance of responsibility, no individual can live a good life. 
10/30 - Our world is ourselves reflected back from an infinite assortment of prisms. 
10/31 - A kindly humor is a bridge to friendship and understanding, and carries with it an alchemistical power of transformation. 
11/1 - In reflecting upon our needs, we should also give thought to the contribution we are willing to make to the happiness and security of others. 
11/2 - There is no force in life more miraculous than understanding the ability to see values in things with which we do not always agree. 
11/3 - When we discover a mistake, the wise thing to do is correct it, build a new life, and prove that we have learned a valuable lesson. 
11/4 - Never be so busy, so thoughtful, so learned, so rich, or so burdened that you are no longer able to relax with a quiet smile. 
11/5 - A man's life is his true religion, and a kindly, gentle faith, leading to the improvement of conduct, is what we are all seeking. 
11/6 - A purposeful life means that we have discovered our own purpose, but it does not mean that we shall assume despotic authority over weaker and less integrated friends and relations. 
11/7 - If modern man were more concerned with what he is, and less dominated by what he has, his fears would diminish. 
11/8 - For man, physical growth is an inevitable, but emotional and mental maturity must be attained by a conscious and purposed action of his own. 
11/9 - Appearances are not always the basis of valid judgment, and we must go beneath appearances if we wish to discover the essential facts. 
11/10 - No one can find happiness who does not already possess it within his own nature. We can help our friends and associates to find useful outlets for their constructive instincts, but we cannot create these instincts, nor force our own upon another. 
11/11 - War is the supreme stupidity of the human race. 
11/12 - Honesty is a jewel of priceless value, and the forces of evil have little power over a life lived true to principle. 
11/13 - Self-discipline not only improves the spiritual nature, but is necessary to physical well-being. 
11/14 - The important thing is to suspect all people of being a little like ourselves--combinations of strength and weakness, wisdom and ignorance, hopes and fears, virtues and delinquencies. 
11/15 - Peace of mind and contentment of heart are powerful healing agents, and they accomplish their larger works where science admits defeat. 
11/16 - Right conduct is that system of action that most completely meets human need and leads toward the realization of the most noble human aspirations. 
11/17 - Inner truth can reveal itself only when the outer nature is balanced and informed. 
11/18 - We can be friendly, and we can have friends, but we are still alone; and in this loneliness, we are seeking a reality which alone can bring peace and comfort to our hearts. 
11/19 - In its highest expression, love means not that we shall be happy, but that we shall give happiness; not that we shall be loved, but that we shall love. 
11/20 - No true and enlightened system of philosophy will ever depart from the laws of nature. 
11/21 - Each individual should be measured in terms of his own character. When this rule is carefully observed, we generally discover that most people are doing the best they can for what they are and what they have. 
11/22 - Integrity is intelligent honesty. Integrity is the vision to see and the courage to do. Integrity is true wealth. 
11/23 - There is an intangible strength which comes to those who do not retaliate. In the long run, they earn respect from those who are best qualified to recognize integrity. 
11/24 - Love of religion or philosophy, or the effort to acquire spiritual graces, should never prevent an individual from being a self-sustaining member of society. 
11/25 - Thanksgiving is a day in which we recognize the importance of a principle, or an aspect of truth; namely, gratitude. We attempt to express this symbolically by restoring a vision of gratitude which, within our own natures, gives us encouragement and hope for the years that lie ahead. 
11/26 - In silence man comes very close to the infinite life at the source of his own existence. 
11/27 - We must learn the nourishing value of faith itself; how it can transform the psychic perspective and lift us from despondency to hope, from sadness to joy, and from conflict to peace. 
11/28 - Everyone who is suffering from pressures is suffering in some way from his own mistakes. Until the individual realizes this, recovery is impossible. We cannot cultivate weeds and then gather a good harvest of ripe grain. 
11/29 - A good attitude toward life is perhaps to admit that each one of us is somewhere along the long road between helplessness and complete sufficiency. We are all imperfect, partly finished beings. 
11/30 - Attempt in your own daily life the chemistry of vision. Bring the best and highest ideals of yourself to bear upon each situation that arises. Live up to the best that you know, and observe how quickly problems will disappear. Everything that is difficult becomes easy when it is done with truth as the criterion of action. 
12/1 - Love, faith, and good works belong not to creeds alone, but reside in the hearts of good and dedicated persons, regardless of their nations, their races, or their times. 
12/2 - Basic optimism is magnetic. It draws to us good things and kindly people. Pessimism draws nothing, and leaves us alone in a world of shadows. 
12/3 - The glories of this world are as nothing in heaven. Our real happiness and peace of soul come from simple, good deeds, generously and quietly performed. 
12/4 - We have to realize that the individual cannot stand still; he cannot be the same yesterday, today, and forever. 
12/5 - With all its faults and failings, religion has been our surest guide for countless ages. Many persons have failed their religions, but religion, as a principle, has never failed a dedicated and honorable man. 
12/6 - We should not feel that others must be eternally grateful to us for our interest in their activities. Perform the kindly action, release it with a blessing, and let it go on its own way rejoicing. 
12/7 - Physical progress is a chariot, a great vehicle, a machine, which must carry cultural progress. As the machine without the operator is useless, so progress without soul is useless. 
12/8 - Enlightenment begins with a recognition of the need for self-improvement. It extends through the study of universal laws and principles, leading in the end to the practice of the life of wisdom. 
12/9 - The bridge between ourselves and others, on the emotional level, is our graciousness of manner. 
12/10 - Do ill to no man, give to all that which is justly theirs, think good thoughts, perform kind actions, be patient in all things, and have faith in the Universal Power at the source of life. 
12/11 - We will never solve the mystery of virtue until we learn how to be good without being uncomfortable or making others uncomfortable. 
12/12 - The real purpose of religion is to give man the courage to do, with a whole heart, that which is next; to do it with a full realization that according to his own conduct, so shall his future be. 
12/13 - The serene life is not necessarily without problems, but it solves the old ones quietly and efficiently, and reduces the probabilities of adding to the burden of old karma. 
12/14 - Self-improvement is possible to everyone, and if we build our philosophy of life around the willingness to grow cheerfully and wisely, we resolve most of our doubts concerning Providence. 
12/15 - It is not what a man does that causes him to suffer; it is the inharmony between what he does and what he should do. 
12/16 - Our source of strength must always be the righteousness in our own heart, and we must do good because it is good, and never be disappointed if our earnest endeavors are neglected or misunderstood. 
12/17 - When we fill the unknown with our own opinions, we simply substitute human authority for divine purpose. 
12/18 - If we seek good, we will find good and the divine source of good; but if we are content to accept evil, it will plague us to the end of our days. 
12/19 - It is not as important to discover which religion is best able to prove its own claims, as it is to learn, if possible, which system of religious belief has the most constructive effect upon human conduct. 
12/20 - If we demand nothing from love except the light that shines within our own hearts, and do not use our affections to bind others or impose restrictions upon their conduct, we shall not be disappointed in love. 
12/21 - Through the long mystery of winter, nature is not dead, but it sleeps; and in the spring, the tomb gives up its dead as the first-born of those that sleep. 
12/22 - The quest for truth is life's noblest adventure, and the achievement of truth is the perfect reward for perfect action. 
12/23 - What better Christmas present could we give to our family, or our world, than the deepening of our own understanding and the resolution to become a person of good will? 
12/24 - To Christians throughout the world, the Christmas festival stands for all that is noble and best in human aspiration. As the birthday of the Prince of Peace, it bears witness to the highest moral and ethical code that we know. 
12/25 - Christmas is the one day of the year that is set aside specifically for the worship of that unknown power which is the Giver of Life. The more important we make Christmas as a sacred festival of dedication to truth and honor, the more we can contribute to progress. 
12/26 - The end of all discipline is that man should be truly himself and attain peace in his own soul. When he has done this, the Universal Spirit will be near to him, and he will have found what all the world is seeking. 
12/27 - The generous one, instead of waiting to be thanked and appreciated, should continue on his way, satisfied that he has merely expressed his true nature. 
12/28 - We are not here merely to succeed on the physical plane; we are here to succeed totally, which means that we must improve as persons, seeking richer internal values, deeper understanding, and a better orientation to the universal plan. 
12/29 - With all our learning, let us also remember music, painting, poetry, and all other arts that teach us simply by making us feel better. 
12/30 - Now is this mysterious time in motion in which all things are possible. That which is yesterday is no longer changeable; that which is tomorrow is not yet available; but now is available, and in this nowness anything can be accomplished that we are willing to accomplish. 
12/31 - If we accept the law of causality in a positive way not merely as a fatalistic force operating through the universe, we can come to venerate and respect the universal plan which created us and sustains us through all the years of our lives. 